1. Problem definition: Objectives, List of Stakeholders
Assumptions:
CMC workers who work under RMs take calls
Rms have a database of numbers and make calls from that 
Non-functional requirements of systems are all assumed 
POV statements, hmw statements and empathy maps are all assumed 

Problem Definition: 
The Relationship Managers (RMs) for a major travel company perform sales of holiday packages for their customers. However, the system operation is complicated by the varying number and nature of these holiday packages. Call routing and flow control are also not adjusted to RMs skills and customers profiles, making the process of selling holiday packages inefficient. 
Objectives: 
Develop an information system to improve the operation of the major travel company’s in-house call management centre (CMC). 
For the outbound calls, the system will create a target list for each RM based on their skills and profile. 
For inbound calls, the system will connect end-customers to RMs through matching techniques.
Increase the sales of holiday packages 
Increase customer satisfaction 
Increase RMs satisfaction 
Stakeholders: 
Travel Company Owner (client)
Scrum Team? - in charge of creating the system for the client 
Testing team? 
CMC workers 
Relationship Managers 
Inbound End-customers (Customers who call the travel company )
Outbound End-customers (Customers that the Relationship managers call)

POV statement for each stakeholder 
Person [needs] _____ [because] ____
Travel Company Owner
POV: The travel company owner is missing out on increasing his company’s profits, due to having an inefficient system for connecting his RMS to potential customers.
HMW: Develop an information system to improve the operation of their in-house call management centre.

Relationship Managers
POV: RMs, who are potentially missing sales opportunities, need to speak to the most suitable customers, because they will be more likely to make a sale.
HMW: HMW improve the process for RMs to connect with more appropriate potential customers


Inbound End-customers 
POV: Inbound end-customers, calling the travel company, are speaking to relationship managers, who are not the most suitable for satisfying their needs.
HMW: HMW match customers to the most suitable relationship managers
HMW: HMW reduce waiting times or delays for inbound customers

Outbound End-Customers
POV: 
Outbound end-customers are receiving calls from RMS, who are suggesting them to purchase holiday packages that they have no interest in buying. 
HMW: Direct calls from relationship managers to customers who are more likely to want to purchase holiday packages 
HMW: HMW match appropriate Rms with the right skill-sets to outbound end-customers 





Empathy Map for each stakeholder:
Travel Company Owner- 
1.Owner, He wants to make changes in the system, he wants the sale in the holiday packages to increase, he is the decision-maker or can implement the changes in the system.
2. If the sales increase we can know he was successful, he needs to know what the customers say and make the changes accordingly.
3. They can see their own package sale and compare it with their competitors, they can train the managers with the new program. 
4.make advertisement to promote the system.
5.
6. They hear the benefits from using the new system and also hear issues and problems they can face.
7. Pain- The investment will be a total loss, it will take time to get familiar with the system
https://imgur.com/a/WeYDk3y
Gains- Better value, more sales


Relationship managers


Inbound Customer
Think and Feel 
Where should I go for my next holiday?
Which travel company should I call to purchase a holiday package?
Will I be speaking to someone who is professional and will help fulfil my needs?
See
They can see advertisements from the travel company regarding holiday packages
Say & Do 
Inbound customers call the travel company in the hopes of finding the best deal for a holiday packages
Depending on the service they receive, they can have a positive or negative attitude towards the travel company 
Depending on the service they receive, they can relay their calling experience to their friends and family as either nice or unpleasant
Hear
Inbound customers will be able to hear RMs try to cater to their needs and offer various holiday packages
They can hear feedback from friends and family who have dealt with the travel company before
Pain
It is possible for Inbound customers to speak to a RM who is not well suited to cater to their needs
They can feel that their time was wasted
They can feel like they wished to have spoken to a different RM or to have called a different travel company 
They can be anxious about not having their desired holiday
Gain
Being able to speak to a suitable and professional RM to help them with their needs
Finding a good value deal on a holiday package
To be able to have a fun and exciting holiday 
Outbound Customer
Think & Feel 
Do I want to purchase a holiday package?
Are their better deals for holiday packages from other companies? 
See
Outbound customers are able to see advertisements for holiday packages from various travel companies
Say & Do 
Outbound customers receive calls from Rms in regards to holiday packages
Depending on the Rms convincing skills and the needs of the customer, outbound customers may or may not purchase a holiday package
Depending on the outcome of the call, outbound customers can have a favourable or unfavourable attitude towards the travel company
Hear
Outbound customers will be able to hear RMs try to convince them on buying a holiday package
They will be able to hear either positive or negative feedback from friends and family who have previously dealt with the travel company 
Pain
Outbound customers can have no interest in purchasing holiday packages and be annoyed by calls from RMs 
Outbound customers can feel that they can find better value on holiday packages elsewhere or with another company
They can feel like the calls are spam 
Gain
They are able to receive a good package deal from 

Testing 


